 Hey, Lindsay, how are you on this Saturday? Doing great, Michelle. This is a sassy Saturday. Sassy Saturday. Yeah, I'm doing good. How are you? What are you up to? I'm good. Yeah, everything is good over here. My kids have been on break, so it's been a little bit of a it's been a little chaotic around here, but that's OK. But Lindsay, have you ever been told by someone that something was super amazing and then it wasn't all it was cracked up to be? For sure. People talk a big game sometimes, right? When it comes to maybe they're inviting you on an experience, a weekend somewhere, maybe a restaurant, I don't know, even just a party and you think it's going to be amazing and it's actually kind of boring. Sure, it's happened. What about you? Yeah, of course. This is of course it happens. But yeah, today, well, I think it happens sometimes with movies or books or TV shows a lot on anything that somebody's recommending, that danger zone of something not being what it's cracked up to be. But yeah, because often someone's recommendation comes from their perspective, right? We only see things from our own, you know, different colored glasses. We all wear different colored glasses on the world. Right. And so sometimes when someone gives me a recommendation, I think to myself, what do I know about this person? You know, right? Do they have fancier taste? Do they have more casual taste? Do they like sci-fi and I actually don't like sci-fi, right? For example. Yeah. Right, exactly, exactly. So today we have a listener question about the expression not all it's cracked up to be. So we're going to get into that in just a second. But first we wanted to say thank you so much to our Android app reviewers. Yes, special thank you to the following users of the Android app anonymous W6-6 Vishnu Priya from California, Mohamed Mirzai, Fayed Shake, Khazra and BL Estevan. These are all five star reviews, Michelle. Unbelievable. Oh my gosh. Thank you so much. We're so appreciative. Leave those reviews, keep them coming, ask your questions. But thank you so much to those who have reviewed us. It really means a lot. Yeah, and guys, don't forget to get a better experience listening to the show. You can always use the Android or the iOS app. So go to allersenglish.com.com to find out how to become a premium member. OK, so Michelle, do you want to read the question to change it up today? I was just going to say. I was just going to say. I kind of absolutely. All right, here we go. Hey, Lindsay, Michelle and Aubrey. I just wanted to say a huge thank you for your awesome podcast. It isn't just helping me with American English, but also giving me a deeper feel for American culture, which is really cool. Plus, I love listening to it while I'm walking somewhere. It's actually what keeps me motivated to walk instead of hopping on public transport. I love that. I love that too. So nice. They say my walks usually take just about the right time to finish an episode. So it's kind of become my little routine. Oh my god, I love that. Perfect. I feel so warm inside when I listen to an episode like I'm catching up with old friends. Oh my gosh. That's wonderful. This is so nice. Michelle, this is exactly why we do this, right? It's for this feedback that we can imagine we can go along with you on your walks with your dog or hanging out at a cafe. Right? That's such a cool feeling. I love that. It's really cool. So it says a few days ago, I came across this phrase. It's not all it's cracked up to be. Could you please break it down and explain what it really means and how people use it? And in your best tradition, could you recommend some other similar phrases? I love that. Thanks again for all the great work you do. I seriously appreciate it. Can't wait for the next episode. Well, we are so appreciative of you. This is from Ilser from Russia. Nowadays living in Stockholm. So thank you so much. What a beautiful question. Thank you for all the feedback. We're so appreciative of you. Yeah. And we are super excited to answer your question, Ilser, in our unique style that we do here at Allers English. And again, this is why we make the show for our listeners. So we want to hear from you guys. Go ahead and leave us a review. Send us more of these letters. We love your love letters, right? We love it. Thank you so much. So all right, let's go ahead and answer the question. So I mean, to me, this is a super common expression. What do you think, Lindsay? Oh, yeah. It's not all it's cracked up to be for sure. And I love how casual it is, Michelle, but it says a lot. Yes. Yes, exactly. I mean, but what does that mean? What does it even mean? It means it's not as good as people say it is. OK. Yeah. So there's kind of this reputation for something. And maybe a lot of people feel this way. Maybe everybody's talking about this one TV show. And you're just watching it. And you kind of don't get it. Like, am I missing something? I don't understand what everybody thinks is so great, right? That's what I usually think. Am I missing something here? Is there something wrong with me? Why I can't figure out why this is. You know what comes to mind first? Egg creams. Egg creams. I'm not into that either. So this is like a famous drink in New York City. I think it's more historical than anything else. I tried one once, and everyone says they're so great. I did not get it. I also like have. Do you like like an ice cream float? I would rather just have an ice cream. Yeah, same. The other day, I don't even know the last time I even tried one of those. But Dan said he would let my son try one. We were at this cute diner. And so I tried. And they were like, oh, take a sip. And it was just, well, it's not worth it to me. I'd rather just have an ice cream cone and go for a walk. You know, not sit in the restaurant. But anyways, those are two examples in terms of food. So it definitely carries over for food and drink and famous cultural icons in terms of things we consume. Right? Yes, exactly. And we've talked about this idea of things being overhyped before a little bit. But it's super important and useful. And I wanted to take some time on it. So let's do some examples today. Lindsay, what's the first example? Everyone thinks living in my neighborhood is the best. But let me tell you, it's not all it's cracked up to be. There are things I really don't like about it. Yeah. I mean, you lived on the Upper West Side. Yeah. Right. Did you? I mean, people say the Upper West Side is a great place to live. Was it all it was cracked up to be? Or would you say? I did like it. I did. I thought you were going to say you liked it. Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did like it a lot. Yeah. But I'm trying to think of another place maybe, or I'd lived and they wasn't. I don't know. Lindsay, well, I mean, you left LA. I left LA. LA was not. I mean, I kind of knew I wasn't going to be a fit in LA. Yeah. But it's your personality. Some people would go to LA and they'll say, it's going to be amazing. I love it. I want to sit in traffic for three hours. No. I knew that that wouldn't be a match for me. So that wouldn't really be. I guess you could still say it's not all it's cracked up to be, because people think of LA as Hollywood. And yeah, the weather's great. So I suppose I could still say I tried LA. It wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Right. Right. And then you could always qualify it by saying, oh, in my opinion, you know, and that's OK. But how long were you there again? I forgot. Oh, like three months. Not long. That's what I thought. I mean, we didn't really try that hard, frankly, to live there. I think we both knew it wasn't going to be for us. But we were sort of wandering in that moment. Trying to find where we belonged. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. All right. So here's another example. I don't understand why that movie is getting such good reviews. I saw it and wasn't all it's cracked up to be. Yes. Interesting. I just saw the movie over the weekend, The Amateur. Have you seen it? No. Yeah. It was good, actually. Legitimately, a good movie. And I would recommend going to it. So it doesn't fall into this category. It is all it's cracked up to be. All right. Here's another example. Don't waste your money. That restaurant is overpriced and the portions are small. Definitely not all it's cracked up to be. Right. Good. Maybe a restaurant, everybody's trying hard to get into. It's hard to get a reservation. And then you go and. Yeah. Right. It's funny because, yeah, sometimes we go places because there's a lot of hype, like we said. There's a lot of hype around something. Maybe there's always a line outside the door to get in. Even like brunch places will do this. And we go. We assume it's going to be great. And maybe it's more of a hype. Right? Yes. It's true. And then you wonder, does everybody actually love it? Or is it just that idea is put out into the world that this is amazing? And you're supposed to love it and everyone is just kind of going along with it. That's kind of how I feel about brunch in general. Just brunching. Just the active brunching. Regardless of where you go, it's just sort of, it's not my thing. It's not my thing. So for me, brunch is not all it's cracked up to be. But people love brunch. They love it. Well, I think we've talked about this before. And my thing is I'm starving when I wake up. So I'm not, you know, it's just, and then you're in an awkward position. And I recently had this happen where I was going with somebody and it was going to be at like 1030. And I can't, I don't know what to do with myself then. Michelle, I don't know how you made it in New York. Cause I think New York is a brunching city. Of course. Of course. It's a brunching city LA as a brunching city. Denver, not a brunching city. Oh yeah. Most people are in the mountains by 8 a.m. Oh, on the weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if you have that kind of lifestyle, because for me, brunch, maybe you have a drink and then you're tired at noon and you're hungry when you show up, there's a line. It's not all it's cracked up to be. Not all it's cracked up to be. Right. And so you wouldn't use that phrase in that scenario. Yeah. Exactly. OK, Michelle, but there might be other things we want to say here. Yes. As our listener Ilcer said in our best tradition to give other ways to say it, I like that. Yeah. So not worth the hype or overhyped. Oh, I like overhyped. That sounds cool. Overhyped. Yeah. So what's an example with that? That gym is not worth the hype or that gym is overhyped. Right. Right. Right. So a lot of times, I mean, you see these gyms are so expensive. Yes. And then, yeah, you're like, what am I paying for? Some of them are worth the hype. I can't say that I'm a gym connoisseur, but I'm just saying in general, things you have to pay a lot for. Oh, for sure. Or overrated, right? Very common, right? And we also say underrated, which could be another episode for another day, right? Overrated. Her new album is completely overrated in my opinion. Maybe we add in my opinion. In my opinion. Right. In my opinion. Yeah. If you want to add those little qualifiers to kind of soften it or just make sure people know that, you know, this is just what I think, but. Or a let down. That's saying that something really you were excited about it and you were kind of like, yeah. Yeah. For example. Yeah. Go ahead. Oh, I wanted to love the new hotel, but I thought it was a let down. Yeah. That's tough, right? I'd rather be surprised and say I had low expectations, but. But it really blew my mind, right? It really surprised me. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, when we visited Portugal last year in Lisbon, we stayed in a little, a little guest house that just was underrated in my opinion. It was amazing. The service was incredible. The breakfast was amazing. The friendliness of the people was unbelievable. I just, I loved it. So that's the kind of experience that I look for. Yeah. That's amazing. That's amazing. Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to think of things. But recently I did read a bucket. I found it wasn't worth the hype. There's been a TV show. There's been a, I think a TV show or a movie made from it and I was reading it and just like, I want this to be over. So I did, I didn't think it was worth the hype, but a lot of people loved it. And that's okay. Nice. Have you ever read the book, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn? Super famous. No. Okay. It's a really famous book. So I'm just reading this now for the first time. It's about Brooklyn in the early 1900s, right? So immigrant families and what life was like really, so far it's a really good, it's well written. I would recommend it. So not overrated. Well, I'm about to finish my current book. So, uh, All right, you can move on to that one after. Love it. Exactly. So, uh, should we do a role play? Let's do it, Michelle. So here we're not going to use everything we taught you because that would be a lot of, um, a lot of commentary. A lot of commentary. Um, but here we're talking about a new movie that came out. Here we go. So did you love it? Um, honestly, I don't think it was all it's cracked up to be. Really? Yeah, I don't know. I didn't really get it. To me, it was kind of a letdown. Oh, I've heard some people say it's overrated, but I personally loved it. Yeah. Michelle, did you see the second Top Gun, the Top Gun sequel? I didn't. Tom Cruise. Okay. I was wondering what you thought about that. You'll have to go watch it and tell us on the show. I thought it was pretty, I thought it was good. I mean, I think a lot of sequels will never be as good as the originals. I mean, how could you beat the first Top Gun? Come on. Right. But it was, it was good. I, I wasn't disappointed. So that's good. Yeah. Yeah. So, all right. Um, you said, so did you love it? Right. And you're kind of, you could, I could tell that you are expecting me to say yes. And I said, um, honestly, I didn't think it was all it's cracked up to be. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. And then I said, you said to me, it was kind of a let down. Oh, yeah. And then you said, I've heard some people say it's overrated, but I loved it. And I like how you added, I personally loved it. You added that in. And I was noticing as we were doing this roleplay, there are a lot of little ways that we kind of qualify these things and show that there are opinions. So I said, honestly, I didn't think it was all it's cracked up to be you said, Oh, no, then I said to me, it was kind of a let down. And then you said, I personally, right? Loved it. So those are the interesting ways that we did, you know, we, we softened it a little bit. Yeah, totally. So I think when something is such a cultural phenomenon and people are loving something and then you go and you're like, I don't get, well, that would be another one Michelle, I want to add as a bonus. I just didn't get it. I didn't. And this was really cool because normally we use the phrase, I don't get it or I didn't get it to me. I didn't understand. And essentially that's what we're saying. I didn't understand why people love this so much. I didn't understand what the big deal was. And I use this a lot. Right. Yeah, exactly. I didn't get it. It doesn't necessarily mean, oh, I didn't understand it. I didn't understand why everyone loves it. Right. Exactly. So we're going to add that in for you guys as a bonus today. Michelle, what's another episode our listeners can find right now? All right, guys, check out episode 2387. That was eight different ways to use some in English. Yeah. So this is a really interesting connection skill, right? Because if someone has recommended that we go see something, that we try a restaurant, we probably want to be a little careful about how we review it. But we want to be truthful too, because if we don't tell our true opinions about things, we become a little bland and boring and it's OK to be spicy and say, actually, I didn't think it was worth all the hype. Right. So but also we're keeping in mind, was that the person that recommended it to us that we can learn about that person. So there's a lot here around connection, Michelle. Don't you think? That's absolutely. Oh, yeah, absolutely. You don't want to make that person feel like how could you like something like that or feel like, you know, oh, maybe if it's a book or something. And then what are you saying? I'm not smart. Maybe I'm not, you know, you know, people people might get offended. So just make sure you say, I didn't really like it. Yeah. But it's also OK to be truthful. Yeah. Give your review. Everyone takes in the world differently, and that's the cool thing about life. So I love it. Most importantly, just use the conversation to build that connection because that's what we're all about here at Allers English. Right, Michelle? That's absolutely right. OK, well, thank you again for that great question and that sweet sweet review of our show. And we appreciate it. And guys, thanks for listening. All right, guys, leave a review for the show wherever you listen and we'll do our best to read your name out loud on the show. All right, Michelle, talk to you soon. All right, bye.